README.md, before:

# Python OSRS Teleport Bot

This project contains **EssayReview.pyw**, a teleport spam bot for Old School RuneScape. It repeatedly clicks a teleport spell using human-like mouse movement and randomised delays. Logs and status messages can optionally appear in a draggable overlay provided by `DraftTracker.py`.

## Features

- Supports Varrock, Falador and Camelot teleports (prompted at start).
- Optional overlay HUD showing recent log lines and a magic cape image. The overlay is disabled by default; set `ENABLE_OVERLAY` in `EssayReview.pyw` to `True` to enable it.
- Anti-ban behaviour with varying click timings and occasional idle actions.
- Hotkeys: **1** to pause/resume, **2** to toggle the console, **3** to quit.

## Prerequisites

Python 3.9+ on Windows.

Install the required packages with:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

The `requirements.txt` file lists:

- `pyautogui`
- `pygetwindow`
- `Pillow`
- `keyboard`
- `pywin32` (for the overlay window)

## Running

Run the bot from this directory:

```
python -m src.EssayReview
```

The script uses the `.pyw` extension so that no extra console window
opens on Windows. If you prefer to see the console output you can
rename it to `EssayReview.py` and launch it the same way.


A prompt asks which teleport to spam-click. After selecting a teleport, the bot begins clicking. If the overlay is enabled it will appear near the RuneLite window and can be dragged or resized; geometry is saved in `overlay_pos.json`.

Press **1** at any time to pause or resume automation. Press **2** to show or hide the console window. Press **3** to stop the bot completely. If the teleport tab still cannot be found after the bot attempts to open it, it will press **F6** automatically as a fallback.

Commit message:

Add randomised cursor speed controls

README.md, after:

# Python OSRS Teleport Bot

This project contains **EssayReview.pyw**, a teleport spam bot for Old School RuneScape. It repeatedly clicks a teleport spell using human-like mouse movement and randomised delays. Logs and status messages can optionally appear in a draggable overlay provided by `DraftTracker.py`.

## Features

- Supports Varrock, Falador and Camelot teleports (prompted at start).
- Optional overlay HUD showing recent log lines and a magic cape image. The overlay is disabled by default; set `ENABLE_OVERLAY` in `EssayReview.pyw` to `True` to enable it.
- Anti-ban behaviour with varying click timings and occasional idle actions.
- Adjustable cursor speed with random jitter via `CURSOR_SPEED_MULT` and
  `CURSOR_SPEED_JITTER` in `EssayReview.pyw`.
- Hotkeys: **1** to pause/resume, **2** to toggle the console, **3** to quit.

## Prerequisites

Python 3.9+ on Windows.

Install the required packages with:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

The `requirements.txt` file lists:

- `pyautogui`
- `pygetwindow`
- `Pillow`
- `keyboard`
- `pywin32` (for the overlay window)

## Running

Run the bot from this directory:

```
python -m src.EssayReview
```

The script uses the `.pyw` extension so that no extra console window
opens on Windows. If you prefer to see the console output you can
rename it to `EssayReview.py` and launch it the same way.


A prompt asks which teleport to spam-click. After selecting a teleport, the bot begins clicking. If the overlay is enabled it will appear near the RuneLite window and can be dragged or resized; geometry is saved in `overlay_pos.json`.

Press **1** at any time to pause or resume automation. Press **2** to show or hide the console window. Press **3** to stop the bot completely. If the teleport tab still cannot be found after the bot attempts to open it, it will press **F6** automatically as a fallback.
